Refine ENSRainbow Docs (#1075)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/ensrainbow/concepts/label-sets-and-versioning.mdx

## Why Label Sets & Versions?

> A **label set** (see [Glossary](/ensrainbow/concepts/glossary/) for definition) is analogous to a _dataset snapshot_. Every time the upstream data (e.g. an on-chain subgraph export) changes, we mint a new **label set version** so that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [label set](/ensrainbow/concepts/glossary/#labelset) is analogous to a _dataset snapshot_. Every time the upstream data (e.g. an on-chain subgraph export) changes, we mint a new **label set version** so that:
```

> A **[label set](/ensrainbow/concepts/glossary#label-set)** is analogous to a _dataset snapshot_. Every time the upstream data (e.g. an on-chain subgraph export) changes, we mint a new **[label set version](/ensrainbow/concepts/glossary#label-set-version)** so that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **[label set](/ensrainbow/concepts/glossary#label-set)** is analogous to a _dataset snapshot_. Every time upstream data grows (e.g. additional rainbow records created), we create a new **[label set version](/ensrainbow/concepts/glossary#label-set-version)** so that:
```
